unlabeled data

congruential generator

human-robot interaction
role-based access
socket layer


dimensionality reduction
data-flow analysis
botnet detection


floating point
semistructured data


case-based reasoning
multiagent systems
user-centered design
interprocedural analysis


triangular mesh
multi-agent systems
triangular meshes
biometric systems


satisfiability problems
receptive fields
discrete-event simulation

pseudo-random number

minimization problem
security requirements
side-channel attacks
discrete-event systems
inclusive design
exploiting parallelism
tacit knowledge
fine-grain parallelism
granular computing
knowledge-based systems

elliptic curve
automata theory
training data
software security
network classifiers


logarithm problem
requirements engineering
source software
expert systems
language model
optimization problem
public key

biometric technologies
stopping rules
object-oriented software
text summarization
secret key
user requirements

polygonal meshes
security model
integer programming
polynomial time
recursively enumerable
visual programming
enterprise applications

injection attacks

secured connections
support vector

autonomic computing

ad-hoc networks
application development
simulated annealing

software package
mandatory access

finite state
range images
user interfaces
optimization problems
geographic information
training samples
high-dimensional data


software tools
mobile games
search space
search algorithm
stereo vision
performance analysis
generative model
wearable computing
learning algorithm

number generator
key infrastructure

combinatorial problems
hardware/software co-design

hardware/software codesign
grid computing
computing systems
shared memory
global optimization
information security
file systems
user experience
software support
algorithmic aspects
markup languages
web access
deductive databases
database systems
micropayment systems
fitness function
dynamic programming
vector machines
agent-based systems
feature extraction
recognition techniques
handheld devices
image annotation
algorithmic techniques
physical security
cryptographic protocols
medical image
concurrent programs
optimization techniques
wavelet denoising
user behavior
machine intelligence
computer science
game interface
end user
virtual machine
privacy protection
software systems
intelligent agents
admission control
mobile applications
secure data
pattern recognition
game development
key exchange
parallel programs
virtual environment
log files
suffix trees
static code
private key
image classifiers
optimization technique
language processing
conversational agents
register allocation
web document
microarray data
encrypted data
security protocols
dynamic program
block ciphers
reachability analysis
security controls
complexity theory
web usage
computational cost
cryptographic schemes
hidden layers
software developers
context-aware security
optimization algorithms
user interactions
computer games
memory access
decentralized systems
mesh processing
parallel computers
user data
security architecture
distributed memory
multimedia applications
automatic parallelization
network topologies
spatiotemporal data
practical algorithms
parallel algorithms
network computing
wide web
context-aware applications
images using
computer interaction
image data
computer systems
theorem proving
user profiles
maturity model
embedded devices
virtual environments
optimization methods
reverse engineering
mobile computers
component analysis
case study
write operations
computational resources
vehicular networks
version 2.0
local minima
external memory
mobile computing
scientific computing
agent software
congestion control
networks using
cross site
approximation algorithm
key agreement
scheduling problems
optimization algorithm
computational time
number generators
equality constraints
multi-core systems
background subtraction
signal analysis
image classification
feature vectors
game world
translation system
peer-to-peer computing
input data
text processing
computational methods
dictionary attack
sensor networks
computational analysis
runtime systems
attribute values
approximation algorithms
optimization models
knowledge bases
runtime performance
service attacks
step size
kernel methods
tree structures
software fault
association rules
image analysis
particle swarm
hash functions
software metrics
private information
chosen plaintext
network model
object-oriented analysis
malicious code
computational systems
transitive closure
active contours
input space
digital images
knowledge base
multimodal biometrics
computational complexity
signature schemes
privacy enhancing
robot path
data access
management support
computational models
security breaches
sensitivity analysis
object recognition
computational efficiency
parallel scheduling
autonomous agents
missing data
data storage
ensemble methods
usability engineering
video games
object management
rapid prototyping
decision support
activation functions
network function
error detection
terrorist networks
social networks
logic programs
stream processing
recognition performance
large networks
log n
risk management
systems development
network approach
artificial data
functional specification
user inputs
domain experts
serious games
image understanding
spam filtering
network traffic
information systems
computer worms
conceptual model
numerical methods
model databases
group key
feature space
proof system
spatial data
channel coding
gesture recognition
extract features
social network
performance modeling
large graphs
information gain
usability evaluation
visual interfaces
remote access
hash function
cache management
network models
model optimization
dynamic scheduling
hoc networks
hardware description
integrity checks
sample images
data set
complex systems
image domain
network design
parallel architectures
loss functions
morphological filtering
virtual world
outsourced data
higher order
fuzzy sets
tool environments
formal analysis
entertainment applications
visual analysis
decision trees
application areas
motion planning
parallel data
network based
wireless networks
audit logs
efficient data
network protocols
nearest neighbors
queueing system
block cipher
scheduling model
financial applications
external networks
information modeling
video content
soft computing
mining algorithms
classification problems
nonlinear programming
computational modeling
classification accuracy
random number
static program
markup language
generic algorithms
model-based design
multivariate techniques
content distribution
adaptive web
dynamical systems
mobile environments
feature representation
adaptive hypermedia
reconstruction error
digital environment
balanced binary
dialogue systems
security architectures
information assurance
text classification
memory architectures
feature matching
formal verification
compression codes
smart phones
learning systems
data sets
location information
game loop
automatic classification
social networking
bilinear pairings
interaction techniques
data centers
electron microscopy
interactive computer
systems management
speech signal
formal requirements
coding techniques
content information
digital signatures
sequence learning
life cycle
discrete time
network capabilities
language generation
location-based service
web intelligence
basic data
security risk
data points
interactive systems
image description
image translation
word sequence
logic design
information visualization
semiconductor manufacturing
wireless security
object tracking
workflow management
drug design
sequential data
application domains
network structure
color models
language understanding
input devices
energy minimization
data analysis
casual users
binary decision
virtual computing
electronic signatures
location-based services
digital rights
database machine
numerical solution
multiple solutions
represent data
vision systems
existing approaches
spatial databases
dynamic reconfiguration
communication protocols
binary images
network complexity
accessible design
multidimensional databases
security policies
availability constraints
single sign-on
third party
image search
management tools
mobile agents
action selection
internet usage
real-time tasks
mobile systems
educational games
resource discovery
control problem
decision making
ray tracing
numerical integration
image restoration
distributed environment
covert channels
model parameters
word representations
knowledge integration
information flow
on-chip interconnects
information technology
building secure
multimedia documents
security policy
network architectures
interconnection networks
keyword-based retrieval
compression technique
data semantics
virtual worlds
non-rigid objects
network technologies
program verification
false data
communication networks
neural field
data representation
data replication
evaluation criteria
buffer overflow
real-time systems
knowledge discovery
system design
control systems
sparse representation
image tagging
relational databases
classification models
distributed real-time
hierarchical memory
peer-to-peer systems
universal access
finite element
object classification
still images
query algebra
incremental construction
risk analysis
information retrieval
design problems
power management
system architectures
statistical analysis
knowledge repositories
security issues
related problems
sixth edition
optical networks
parameter settings
service-oriented architectures
phrase structure
resource allocation
error reduction
large databases
location management
online reputation
feature detectors
intellectual property
continuous time
planning agent
face verification
data streams
ongoing development
2.0 technologies
information extraction
independent component
transfer function
uniform random
routing protocols
arbitrary data
temporal databases
design techniques
smart space
stability analysis
real-time scheduling
storage systems
similarity search
structure visualization
approximation schemes
word alignment
processing concepts
performance issues
portable devices
information processing
performance evaluation
grid environment
electronic commerce
enhancing security
virtual communities
dynamic modeling
efficient sets
sequence alignment
control rules
value iteration
digital archives
two levels
neural representation
physical design
geometric modeling
thermal management
data classification
critical business
broadcast authentication
wide area
advanced techniques
basic structures
simulation techniques
pervasive computing
human interaction
immersive visualization
data quality
new media
interactive art
service security
wireless sensor
mathematical logic
general systems
knowledge management
large datasets
heavy-tailed distributions
success factors
resource constraints
scheduling data
wireless technologies
real-time data
power control
approximation results
maximal independent
fractal geometry
level analysis
packet forwarding
clustering algorithm
continuous services
classification tasks
eye tracking
context awareness
telecommunications systems
large scale
power consumption
point models
second edition
algebraic specifications
data communications
knowledge processing
stability conditions
breast cancer
fuzzy graphs
geometric computing
virtual teams
decomposition methods
top management
temporal access
communication systems
performance prediction
identity theft
project management
online collaboration
key components
statistical pattern
collaborative development
mobile technology
television series
dynamic systems
online research
grid infrastructure
failure detectors
resource management
social interaction
processor allocation
logic devices
large-scale complex
wireless systems
random sample
data placement
control system
stress reduction
microarray experiments
evaluation metrics
data retrieval
security protection
confidential information
technical solutions
evaluation methods
collaborative filtering
video surveillance
wireless applications
regression analysis
mobility management
hybrid systems
online advertising
time series
design methodologies
medical applications
business flow
conditional entropy
video streaming
lower bounds
food processing
media streaming
digital camera
sign language
business processes
cellular networks
technology management
emerging applications
planning systems
theoretical problems
new methods
packet access
autonomic systems
young people
radio frequency
wireless communications
payment system
online courses
representation system
warehouse systems
cognitive systems
segmentation problem
multidimensional scaling
video communication
random fields
human factors
architectural design
video communications
mining techniques
auditory interfaces
global convergence
interest management
general linear
mobile commerce
correctness proof
recent advances
wireless channels
finite point
character animation
mobile services
active learning
sentiment classification
computer mediated
differential equations
trust management
decision theory
utility function
dynamic adaptation
physical properties
game theory
source localization
legal requirements
fast generation
secondary use
basic elements
big number
pervasive games
heterogeneous networks
multicast protocols
parametric estimation
correlation analysis
analytical methods
communication technologies
business networks
general overview
effective methods
design automation
management commitment
design issues
criminal investigations
basic theory
knowledge transfer
home environments
clustering techniques
matrix multiplication
time synchronization
service composition
user mobility
conceptual tools
optimal designs
proxy signatures
optimal allocation
core topics
semiconductor devices
multiple access
social communities
digital library
daily living
high-speed downlink
mobile networks
financial engineering
statistical data
wireless internet
hierarchical models
statistical modeling
spatial knowledge
digital libraries
execution times
balance control
school education
video transmission
comparative study
digital investigations
programmable logic
surveillance systems
distance education
critical issues
continuity planning
clustering algorithms
group communication
energy efficiency
convex hull
structural equation
sparse reconstruction
effective framework
organizational systems
mobile stations
exact inference
increasing numbers
information fusion
legal issues
manufacturing systems
key concepts
parameter estimation
wireless communication
conceptual design
stock markets
online marketplaces
body motion
financial markets
quality control
digital government
competitive advantage
temporal reasoning
body area
integrated circuit
higher education
educational settings
word segmentation
large numbers
developing countries
new technologies
empirical analysis
first edition
new aspects
practical issues
tactile sensors
finite field
mobile communications
electronic systems
patient monitoring
home appliances
older adults
financial services
different approaches
robust estimation
social impact
intellectual capital
comparative analysis
public health
statistical methods
reliable wireless
knowledge communication
fundamental concepts
mobile terminals
heterogeneous data
management science
senior citizens
human behavior
market research
energy constraints
order statistics
medical research
small area
partitioning techniques
future trends
population density
one step
selfish behavior
modern society
business partners
innovation processes
knowledge creation
human capital
innovative technology
normal distribution
new generation
basic properties
recent developments
channel assignment
automatic control
electronic voting
lattice theory
biomedical imaging
cultural heritage
biological cells
biological processes
two phases
statistical perspective
spatial concepts
projective geometry
probability measures
uniform distribution
probability theory
probability distributions
clinical trials
real-time synchronization
collaborative approach
learning difficulties
human ear
new roles
social perspectives
seamless connectivity
linear regression
space exploration
metric space
sensory input
discovering communities
cognitive aspects
correlation coefficient
convex polygons
data warehouses
stochastic processes
nonlinear equations
forensic investigation
statistical estimation
integer multiplication
global warming
qualitative analysis
cognitive disabilities
ant colonies
statistical inference
strategic alliances
collision avoidance
cognitive impairment
